Add the option to apply DipEdge to the reference particle. (#1431)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

By comparison, note that the MAD-X DIPEDGE element uses as input the half-gap ``HGAP = g/2``, and sets the default value ``FINT = 0`` (while the corresponding default value of ``K2`` is set to 1).

Note that the nonlinear model includes a nonzero horizontal translation (depending on the field integral values) that is present even for a particle that begins on the ideal "hard-edge" reference trajectory.

For a beam, this will result in a centroid offset that will produce centroid oscillations in the downstream beamline. In practice, this can be avoided by aligning the downstream elements with the true

> horizontal position (after including the effect of the fringe field).  To model this correction, we allow two options in the dipedge model:

Reviewer: Has an extra empty line mid sentence:
```suggestion
For a beam, this will result in a centroid offset that will produce centroid oscillations in the  downstream beamline.
In practice, this can be avoided by aligning the downstream elements with the true horizontal position (after including the effect of the fringe field).
To model this correction, we allow two options in the dipedge model:
```

> * the default model, in which the shift due to the fringe field is applied to each beam particle phase space vector but not to the reference particle phase space vector --

Author: ```suggestion
* the option ``modify_ref_part = False`` (default), in which the shift due to the fringe field is applied to each beam particle phase space vector but not to the reference particle phase space vector --
```

this model makes sense if the shift due to the fringe field is not considered in the baseline design, so that downstream elements are aligned with the "idealized" reference trajectory

> * an option in which the shift due to the fringe field is applied to the reference particle phase space vector, but not to the beam particle phase space vector --

Reviewer: I would mention the option we are referring to here. This element has 12+ options... mention `modify_ref_part` explicitly?

> * an option in which the shift due to the fringe field is applied to the reference particle phase space vector, but not to the beam particle phase space vector --

Author: ```suggestion
* the option ``modify_ref_part = True`` in which the shift due to the fringe field is applied to the reference particle phase space vector, but not to the beam particle phase space vector --
```
